 What do you think is the lesson (or lessons) to be learned with Covid 19? | Blackcoffer Insights. Automate the Data Management Process Realtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firm Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation Data Management – EGEAS How To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add Domain Deploy and view React app(Nextjs) on cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Deploy Nodejs app on a cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Grafana Dashboard – Oscar Awards Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist What we can learn, is to have frequent updates to our pandemic simulations, then the simulation that shuts down the pandemic the quickest, institute immediately! The USA has known for two years, what the implications of the virus are going to be, because in 2018, the John Hopkins Center for Health Security ran a simulation called “Parainfluenza Clade X” to determine what the potential would be of a virus pandemic, and they concluded: “…twenty months 150 million people  worldwide–two percent of the global population–have died.” “…The global economy has collapsed under the strain, with the Dow Jones average down 90 percent. U.S. GDP down 50 percent, and unemployment at 20 percent. Washington is barely functioning–the president and vice president are both ill, one-third of Congress is dead or incapacitated. ” People involved in that simulation were Tom Daschle (former leader of US Senate), Dr. Julie Gerberding (former head CDC), Jim Talen (former Missouri senator)–Why are all of these people keeping quiet right now, and not telling us what they saw in the global virus pandemic simulation only two years ago, and helping lead us out of this mess, with some new simulations???!!!   The most important lesson to learn is that you always need to keep a spare ventilator in your garage. Your local hospital might run out just when you need one.  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd