 INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION 4.0 – PROS AND CONS | Blackcoffer Insights. Automate the Data Management Process Realtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firm Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation Data Management – EGEAS How To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add Domain Deploy and view React app(Nextjs) on cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Deploy Nodejs app on a cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Grafana Dashboard – Oscar Awards Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Before jumping to the pros and cons of industrial revolution 4.0, it is important to understand industrial revolution 4.0. Industrial Revolution 4.0: Industrial revolution 4.0 is the term that is used to describe the transition from an electronic-based industry to the one that is dominated by the fusion of new and emerging fields and ideas like Artificial Intelligence, robotics, and green energy, etc.  ‘Industry 4.0’, is the era of digitalization. The term originated from Hanover Messe 2011 and was incorporated in German high-tech strategy. Much is attributed to Klaus Schwab, a German engineer who founded the World Economic Forum. Two years later, the Industry 4.0 Platform (central network for digital transformation) was set up to make it work. It is characterized by 4 physical and digital trends: 1 Autonomous motor vehicles (cars, trucks, drones, aircraft, water vessels); 2 3D printing (medical implants); 3 Advanced robotics (Agri to health care); 4 New materials (graphene).   We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd