 Coronavirus, the unexpected challenge for the European union | Blackcoffer Insights. Automate the Data Management Process Realtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firm Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation Data Management – EGEAS How To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add Domain Deploy and view React app(Nextjs) on cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Deploy Nodejs app on a cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode Grafana Dashboard – Oscar Awards Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Since the creation of the EU, we have been through many challenges worst than public health issues. Human suffering and loss of life are always distressing, but member-states have done what they could to curb the spread of infection via the established partition of state boundaries, as well as internally – isolating critical cities and regions. To people living outside the EU, it may seem strange and self-serving, when actually it is not, as the EU is not a unified federal entity with one government, legislation, language and an army. We are however a Christian alliance, although we tolerate other religions too. As we are still in a process of achieving closer integration, in some cases, national law still supersedes supranational (EU) law. As each member-state participates in the EU based first on the citizenship identity of its people, it makes sense that a risk for public health involving contagion would have to be managed on a national basis. This approach also solves language-barriers in hospitals and is more economical for each patient involved. By no means does it mean that cooperation between member-states has stalled, or ceased. Our unity is not challenged. Simply, we are all in need of the same resources. There are not many companies in the EU that can produce extempore the necessary PPEs. Some restructuring of theirs and other companies’ modus operandi is needed, but I have every confidence that we will adjust. Shortages in the human sector (i.e. medical personnel) are more difficult to tackle.  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd